### Config Variables
* `prometheus_uri`: URI for Prometheus API as `scheme://host:port`. Defaults to `http://localhost:9090`
* `metrics`: Metrics to query for. If none specified, all metrics returned from `/api/v1/label/__names__/values` will be used.
* `metrics_to_ignore`: Comma-delimited metrics to not report. Defaults to `ALERTS,ALERTS_FOR_STATE`.
* `query_label_selector`: Label selector to use when querying for metrics, ie `{namespace="monitoring"}`.
* `alert_data_fields`: Data fields to report as alerts.
* `alert_filters_include`: Filter alert messages on allowed values.
* `alert_filters_exclude`: Fitler alert messages on disallowed values.
* `agent_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to the agent.
* `agent_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
* **`user_name`**: User name in InsightFinder
* **`license_key`**: License Key from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* `token`: Token from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_name`**: Name of the project created in the InsightFinder UI. 
* `project_name_alert`: Name of the alert project created in the InsightFinder UI.
* **`project_type`**: Type of the project - one of `metric, metricreplay, log, logreplay, incident, incidentreplay, alert, alertreplay, deployment, deploymentreplay`.
* **`run_interval`**: How frequently the agent is ran. Should match the interval used in cron.
* **`sampling_interval`**: How frequently data is collected. Should match the interval used in project settings.
* `chunk_size_kb`: Size of chunks (in KB) to send to InsightFinder. Default is `2048`.
* `if_url`: URL for InsightFinder. Default is `https://app.insightfinder.com`.
* `if_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to InsightFinder.
* `if_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
