### Config Variables
* **`host`**: Database host. Default value: localhost.
* **`user`**: Database user to connect as. Default value: None.
* **`password`**: User's password. Default value: None.
* **`database`**: The database to initially connect to.
* `timeout`: Query timeout in seconds, default 0 (no timeout).
* `login_timeout`: Timeout for connection and login in seconds, default 60.
* `appname`: Set the application name to use for the connection.
* `port`: The TCP port to use to connect to the server.
* `conn_properties`: SQL queries to send to the server upon connection establishment. Can be a string or another kind of iterable of strings.
* `autocommit`: Whether to use default autocommiting mode or not.
* `tds_version`: TDS protocol version to use.
* **`table_list`**: table_list can be from sql, example: `sql:select name from sys.tables`. table_list also can be a list, example: `table1,table2,table3`.
* `table_whitelist`: table_whitelist is a regex string used to define which table will be filtered.
* `instance_map_table`: Table to get instance mapping info, Define this field if instance field need mapping.
* `instance_map_id_field`: Id field to get instance mapping info, Define this field if instance field need mapping.
* `instance_map_name_field`: Name field to get instance mapping info, Define this field if instance field need mapping.
* `device_map_table_info`: Device mapping info for different device field, example: device_field#Table#field_id#field_name,...
* **`sql`**: The query string for mssql. Use template filed {{start_time}} or {{end_time}} or {{extract_time}} to replace the time in sql. Example: """SELECT * FROM Table{{extract_time}} WHERE Table{{extract_time}}.Time >= {{start_time}} and Table{{extract_time}}.Time < {{end_time}};"""
* **`sql_time_format`**: The {{start_time}} and {{end_time}} format in sql, as library [arrow](https://arrow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#supported-tokens). Example: YYYYMMDD
* **`sql_extract_time_offset`**: This options will create template field {{extract_time}}, and with offset of {{end_time}}, unit is second. Example: 86400|-86400|0
* **`sql_extract_time_format`**: The {{extract_time}} format in sql, as library [arrow](https://arrow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#supported-tokens). Example: YYYYMMDD 
* `sql_time_range`: History data time range, Example: 2020-04-14 00:00:00,2020-04-15 00:00:00. If this option is set, the agent will execute sql by time range and time interval, and `sql_time_interval` is required. 
* `sql_time_interval`: Time range interval, unit is second. Example: 86400.
* **`data_format`**: The format of the data to parse: RAW, RAWTAIL, CSV, CSVTAIL, XLS, XLSX, JSON, JSONTAIL, AVRO, or XML. \*TAIL formats keep track of the current file being read & the position in the file.
* **`timestamp_format`**: Format of the timestamp, in python [arrow](https://arrow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#supported-tokens). If the timestamp is in Unix epoch, this can be set to `epoch`. If the timestamp is split over multiple fields, curlies can be used to indicate formatting, ie: `YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss ZZ`; alternatively, if the timestamp can be in one of multiple fields, a priority list of field names can be given: `timestamp1,timestamp2`.
* `timezone`: Timezone for the data. Note that it cannot be parsed from the timestamp, and will be discarded if only present there.
* `timestamp_field`: Field name for the timestamp. Default is `timestamp`.
* `timestamp_offset`: Field name for the offset timezone of timestamp.
* `instance_field`: Field name for the instance name. If not set or the field is not found, the instance name is the hostname of the machine the agent is installed on. This can also use curly formatting or a priority list. Alternatively, if the field is 'complex' - a reference field which holds a link to another API within the same context, a link can be made to that data using the following formatting: `field1!!ref=json|csv|xml|raw&headers={“Accept”:”application/json”}&auth!!field2` where: `field1` is the reference field in this message body; `!!` is a delimiter; `ref=json|csv|xml|raw` indicates that this is a reference link and it returns data in the format of json or csv etc as applicable; `&headers={“Accept”:”application/json”}&auth` indicates which passthrough keywords to pass to requests (either literal, a la `headers={“Accept”:”application/json”}` or using previously-used keywords, a la `auth=auth` when no literal value is given); `!!` is another delimiter; and `field2` is the field in the reference'd data to grab.
* `device_field`: Field name for the device/container for containerized projects. This can also use curly or complex formatting, or a priority list.
* `data_fields`: Comma-delimited list of field names to use as data fields. If not set, all fields will be reported. Each data field can either be a field name (`name`) or a labeled field (`<name>::<value>` or `<name>::==<value>`), where `<name>` and `<value>` can be raw strings (`fieldname::fieldvalue`), curly or complex formatted (`link!!ref=json&auth!!name::=={val} - {ue}`), or a combination. If `::==` is used as the separator, `<value>` is treated as a mathematical expression that can be evaluated with `eval()`.
* `start_time_multiple`: Used for streaming, multiple of sampling_interval
* `metric_name_field`: If this is set, only the first value in `data_fields` will be used as the field containing the value for the metric who's name is contained here. For example, if `data_fields = count` and `metric_name_field = status`, and the data is `{"count": 20, "status": "success"}`, then the data reported will be `success: 20`.
* `agent_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to the agent.
* `agent_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
* **`user_name`**: User name in InsightFinder
* **`license_key`**: License Key from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* `token`: Token from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_name`**: Name of the project created in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_type`**: Type of the project - one of `metric, metricreplay, log, logreplay, incident, incidentreplay, alert, alertreplay, deployment, deploymentreplay`.
* **`sampling_interval`**: How frequently (in Minutes) data is collected. Should match the interval used in project settings.
* **`run_interval`**: How frequently (in Minutes) the agent is ran. Should match the interval used in cron.
* `chunk_size_kb`: Size of chunks (in KB) to send to InsightFinder. Default is `2048`.
* `if_url`: URL for InsightFinder. Default is `https://app.insightfinder.com`.
* `if_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to InsightFinder.
* `if_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
