### Config Variables
* `file_path`: Comma delimited list of files and directories (ending in '/') containing evtx files.
* `filters_include`: Used to filter messages based on allowed values.
* `filters_exclude`: Used to filter messages based on unallowed values.
* `json_top_level`: The top-level of fields to parse in JSON. For example, if all fields of interest are nested like 
* `timestamp_format`: Format of the timestamp, in python [strftime](http://strftime.org/). If the timestamp is in Unix epoch, this can be left blank or set to `epoch`.
* `timestamp_field`: Field name for the timestamp. Default is `timestamp`.
* `instance_field`: Field name for the instance name. If not set or the field is not found, the instance name is the hostname of the machine the agent is installed on. 
* `device_field`: Field name for the device/container for containerized projects.
* `data_fields`: Comma-delimited list of field names to use as data fields. If not set, all fields will be reported.
* **`user_name`**: User name in InsightFinder
* **`license_key`**: License Key from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* `token`: Token from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_name`**: Name of the project created in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_type`**: Type of the project - one of `metric, metricreplay, log, logreplay, incident, incidentreplay, alert, alertreplay, deployment, deploymentreplay`.
* **`sampling_interval`**: How frequently data is collected. Should match the interval used in cron.
* `chunk_size_kb`: Size of chunks (in KB) to send to InsightFinder. Default is `2048`.
* `if_url`: URL for InsightFinder. Default is `https://app.insightfinder.com`.
* `if_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to InsightFinder.
* `if_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
