### Config Variables
* **`es_uris`**: A comma delimited list of RFC-1738 formatted urls `<scheme>://[<username>:<password>@]hostname:port`
* `query_json`: JSON to add the the query
* `indeces`: Indeces to search over (comma-separated, wildcards supported)
* `port`: Port to connect to for ES. Overridden if in URI
* `http_auth`: `username:password` used to connect to ES. Overridden if in URI
* `use_ssl`: True or False if SSL should be used. Overridden if URI scheme is `https`
* `ssl_assert_hostname`: True or False if hostname verification should be done
* `ssl_assert_fingerprint`: True or False if fingerprint verification should be done
* `ssl_version`: Version of SSL to use - one of `SSLv23 (default), SSLv2, SSLv3, TLSv1`
* `verify_certs`: True or False if certificates should be verified
* `ca_certs`: Path to CA bundle
* `client_cert`: Path to certificate
* `client_key`: Path to client
* `_from`: Start date/time for replay, in ISO8601 format ie 2020-01-01T12:00:00Z
* `_to`: End date/time for replay, in ISO8601 format ie 2020-01-01T12:00:00Z
* `filters_include`: Used to filter messages based on allowed values.
* `filters_exclude`: Used to filter messages based on unallowed values.
* `json_top_level`: The top-level of fields to parse in JSON. For example, if all fields of interest are nested like 
```
{ 
  "output": {
    "parsed": {
      "time": time, 
      "log": log message,
      ... 
    }   
    ... 
  }
  ... 
}
```
then this should be set to `output.parsed`.
* `timestamp_format`: Format of the timestamp, in python [strftime](http://strftime.org/). If the timestamp is in Unix epoch, this can be left blank or set to `epoch`.
* `timestamp_field`: Field name for the timestamp. Default is `timestamp`.
* `instance_field`: Field name for the instance name. If not set or the field is not found, the instance name is the hostname of the machine the agent is installed on. 
* `device_field`: Field name for the device/container for containerized projects.
* `data_fields`: Comma-delimited list of field names to use as data fields. If not set, all fields will be reported.
* `agent_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to the agent.
* `agent_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
* **`user_name`**: User name in InsightFinder
* **`license_key`**: License Key from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* `token`: Token from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_name`**: Name of the project created in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_type`**: Type of the project - one of `metric, metricreplay, log, logreplay, incident, incidentreplay, alert, alertreplay, deployment, deploymentreplay`.
* `sampling_interval`: How frequently data is collected. Should match data frequency.
* **`run_interval`**: How frequently the script is ran. Should match the interval used in cron.
* `chunk_size_kb`: Size of chunks (in KB) to send to InsightFinder. Default is `2048`.
* `if_url`: URL for InsightFinder. Default is `https://app.insightfinder.com`.
* `if_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to InsightFinder.
* `if_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
