### Config Variables
* **`osmosys_servers`**: Osmosys's servers info. Multiple servers split with `;`, and each server both have server name and server url and split with `,`.
* **`metric_path`**: Metric path to query for
* **`instances`**: Instances to query for, multiple instances split with `,`. Will replace {instance} in the metric path.
* **`metrics`**: Metrics to query for, multiple metrics split with `,`. Will replace {metric} in the metric path.
* `region`: `{region}` in the metric path, default is `*`.
* `env`: `{env}` in the metric path, default is `*`.
* `system`: `{system}` in the metric path, default is `*`.
* `his_time_range`: History data time range, Example: 2020-04-14 00:00:00,2020-04-15 00:00:00. If this option is set, the agent will query metric values by time range.
* **`data_format`**: The format of the data to parse: RAW, RAWTAIL, CSV, CSVTAIL, XLS, XLSX, JSON, JSONTAIL, AVRO, or XML. \*TAIL formats keep track of the current file being read & the position in the file.
* `timestamp_format`: Format of the timestamp, in python [arrow](https://arrow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#supported-tokens). If the timestamp is in Unix epoch, this can be set to `epoch`. If the timestamp is split over multiple fields, curlies can be used to indicate formatting, ie: `YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss ZZ`; alternatively, if the timestamp can be in one of multiple fields, a priority list of field names can be given: `timestamp1,timestamp2`.
* `timezone`: Timezone of the timestamp data stored in/returned by the DB. Note that if timezone information is not included in the data returned by the DB, then this field has to be specified. 
* **`timestamp_field`**: Field name for the timestamp. Default is `timestamp`.
* `target_timestamp_timezone`: Timezone of the timestamp data to be sent and stored in InsightFinder. Default value is UTC. Only if you wish to store data with a time zone other than UTC, this field should be specified to be the desired time zone.
* `component_field`: Field name for the component name.
* `instance_field`: Field name for the instance name. If no instance given, the osmosys's server name will be used.
* `instance_whitelist`: This field is a regex string used to define which instances will be filtered.
* `device_field`: Field name for the device/container for containerized projects. This can also use a priority list, field names can be given: `device1,device2`.
* **`data_fields`**: Comma-delimited list of field names to use as data fields. If not set, all fields will be reported. Each data field can either be a field name (`name`) or a labeled field (`<name>::<value>` or `<name>::==<value>`), where `<name>` and `<value>` can be raw strings (`fieldname::fieldvalue`), curly or complex formatted (`link!!ref=json&auth!!name::=={val} - {ue}`), or a combination. If `::==` is used as the separator, `<value>` is treated as a mathematical expression that can be evaluated with `eval()`.
* `thread_pool`: Number of thread to used in the pool, default is 20.
* `agent_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to the agent.
* `agent_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
* **`user_name`**: User name in InsightFinder
* **`license_key`**: License Key from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* `token`: Token from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_name`**: Name of the project created in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_type`**: Type of the project - one of `metric, metricreplay, log, logreplay, incident, incidentreplay, alert, alertreplay, deployment, deploymentreplay`.
* **`sampling_interval`**: How frequently (in Minutes) data is collected. Should match the interval used in project settings.
* **`run_interval`**: How frequently (in Minutes) the agent is ran. Should match the interval used in cron.
* `chunk_size_kb`: Size of chunks (in KB) to send to InsightFinder. Default is `2048`.
* `if_url`: URL for InsightFinder. Default is `https://app.insightfinder.com`.
* `if_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to InsightFinder.
* `if_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
