### Config Variables
* `expression`: `tcpdump` expression. see tcpdump documentation (`man tcpdump`)
* `hex_ascii`: Display packet as 'hex', 'ascii', or 'both'. Defaults to not showing the packet contents.
* `abs_or_rel_seq`: Set to 'ABS' to display absolute sequence number. Default is relative.
* `interfaces`: Comma delimited list of interfaces to listen on. See tcpdump documentation for `--interface=`.
* `secret`: Secret to use for validating TCP segment digests. See tcpdump documentation for `-M`
* `filter`: Filter expression, direction, or file to use. See tcpdump documentation for `-Q` and `-F`.
* `data_fields`: Comma-delimited list of field names to use as data fields. If not set, all fields will be reported.
* `file_path`: If sending data to a replay project, and `project_type` contains 'replay', set this to a comma delimited list of files and directories containing pcap files
* **`user_name`**: User name in InsightFinder
* **`license_key`**: License Key from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* `token`: Token from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_name`**: Name of the project created in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_type`**: Type of the project - one of `metric, metricreplay, log, logreplay, incident, incidentreplay, alert, alertreplay, deployment, deploymentreplay`.
* `sampling_interval`: How frequently data is collected. Should match the interval used in project settings.
* `run_interval`: How frequently the agent is ran. Should match the interval used in cron.
* `chunk_size_kb`: Size of chunks (in KB) to send to InsightFinder. Default is `2048`.
* `if_url`: URL for InsightFinder. Default is `https://app.insightfinder.com`.
* `if_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to InsightFinder.
* `if_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
