### Config Variables
* **`prometheus_uri`**: URI for Prometheus API as `scheme://host:port`. Defaults to `http://localhost:9090`
* `metrics`: Metrics to query for. If none specified, all metrics returned from `/api/v1/label/__names__/values` will be used.
* `metrics_whitelist`: metrics_whitelist is a regex string used to define which metrics will be filtered.
* `metrics_to_ignore`: Comma-delimited metrics to not report. Defaults to `ALERTS,ALERTS_FOR_STATE`.
* `query_label_selector`: Label selector to use when querying for metrics, ie `{namespace="monitoring"}`.
* `his_time_range`: History data time range, Example: 2020-04-14 00:00:00,2020-04-15 00:00:00. If this option is set, the agent will query metric values by time range.
* **`data_format`**: The format of the data to parse: RAW, RAWTAIL, CSV, CSVTAIL, XLS, XLSX, JSON, JSONTAIL, AVRO, or XML. \*TAIL formats keep track of the current file being read & the position in the file.
* `timestamp_format`: Format of the timestamp, in python [arrow](https://arrow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#supported-tokens). If the timestamp is in Unix epoch, this can be set to `epoch`. If the timestamp is split over multiple fields, curlies can be used to indicate formatting, ie: `YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss ZZ`; alternatively, if the timestamp can be in one of multiple fields, a priority list of field names can be given: `timestamp1,timestamp2`.
* `timezone`: Timezone of the timestamp data stored in/returned by the DB. Note that if timezone information is not included in the data returned by the DB, then this field has to be specified. 
* `timestamp_field`: Field name for the timestamp. Default is `timestamp`.
* `target_timestamp_timezone`: Timezone of the timestamp data to be sent and stored in InsightFinder. Default value is UTC. Only if you wish to store data with a time zone other than UTC, this field should be specified to be the desired time zone.
* `instance_field`: Field name for the instance name. If not set or the field is not found, the instance name is the hostname of the machine the agent is installed on. This can also use a priority list, field names can be given: `instance1,instance2`.
* `device_field`: Field name for the device/container for containerized projects. This can also use a priority list, field names can be given: `device1,device2`.
* `data_fields`: Comma-delimited list of field names to use as data fields. If not set, all fields will be reported. Each data field can either be a field name (`name`) or a labeled field (`<name>::<value>` or `<name>::==<value>`), where `<name>` and `<value>` can be raw strings (`fieldname::fieldvalue`), curly or complex formatted (`link!!ref=json&auth!!name::=={val} - {ue}`), or a combination. If `::==` is used as the separator, `<value>` is treated as a mathematical expression that can be evaluated with `eval()`.
* `agent_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to the agent.
* `agent_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
* **`user_name`**: User name in InsightFinder
* **`license_key`**: License Key from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* `token`: Token from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_name`**: Name of the project created in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_type`**: Type of the project - one of `metric, metricreplay, log, logreplay, incident, incidentreplay, alert, alertreplay, deployment, deploymentreplay`.
* **`sampling_interval`**: How frequently (in Minutes) data is collected. Should match the interval used in project settings.
* **`run_interval`**: How frequently (in Minutes) the agent is ran. Should match the interval used in cron.
* `chunk_size_kb`: Size of chunks (in KB) to send to InsightFinder. Default is `2048`.
* `if_url`: URL for InsightFinder. Default is `https://app.insightfinder.com`.
* `if_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to InsightFinder.
* `if_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
