### Config Variables
* **`host`**: hostname to connect to InfluxDB, defaults to 'localhost'
* **`username`**: user to connect, defaults to 'root'
* **`password`**: password of the user, defaults to 'root'
* `database`: database name to connect to, defaults to None
* `port`: port to connect to InfluxDB, defaults to 8086
* `pool_size`: urllib3 connection pool size, defaults to 10.
* `ssl`: use https instead of http to connect to InfluxDB, defaults to False
* `verify_ssl`: verify SSL certificates for HTTPS requests, defaults to False
* `timeout`: number of seconds Requests will wait for your client to establish a connection, defaults to None
* `retries`: number of retries your client will try before aborting, defaults to 3. 0 indicates try until success
* `use_udp`: use UDP to connect to InfluxDB, defaults to False
* `udp_port`: UDP port to connect to InfluxDB, defaults to 4444
* `proxies`: HTTP(S) proxy to use for Requests, defaults to {}
* `path`: path of InfluxDB on the server to connect, defaults to ''
* `cert`: Path to client certificate information to use for mutual TLS authentication. You can specify a local cert to use as a single file containing the private key and the certificate, or as a tuple of both files’ paths, defaults to None
* `gzip`: use gzip content encoding to compress requests
* `session`: allow for the new client request to use an existing requests Session, defaults to None
* **`sql`**: The query string for mssql. Use template filed {{start_time}} or {{end_time}} or {{extract_time}} to replace the time in sql. Example: """SELECT * FROM Table{{extract_time}} WHERE Table{{extract_time}}.Time >= {{start_time}} and Table{{extract_time}}.Time < {{end_time}};"""
* **`sql_time_format`**: The {{start_time}} and {{end_time}} format in sql, as library [arrow](https://arrow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#supported-tokens). Example: YYYYMMDD
* `sql_time_range`: History data time range, Example: 2020-04-14 00:00:00,2020-04-15 00:00:00. If this option is set, the agent will execute sql by time range and time interval, and `sql_time_interval` is required. 
* `sql_time_interval`: Time range interval, unit is second. Example: 86400.
* `filters_include`: Used to filter messages based on allowed values.
* `filters_exclude`: Used to filter messages based on unallowed values.
* **`data_format`**: The format of the data to parse: RAW, RAWTAIL, CSV, CSVTAIL, XLS, XLSX, JSON, JSONTAIL, AVRO, or XML. \*TAIL formats keep track of the current file being read & the position in the file.
* `raw_regex`: Regex used to parse raw data. Must use named capture groups `(?<name>...)` corresponding to fields defined below, as only those named capture groups will be reported.
* `raw_start_regex`: Regex used to indicate the start of a new multiline message. MUST start with `^` if defined.
* `csv_field_names`: A list of field names for CSV/XLS(X) input. Required, even if the CSV to parse has a header.
* `csv_field_delimiter`: A regex for the field delimiter to use - the default is `,|\t` for commas and tabs.
* `json_top_level`: The top-level of fields to parse in JSON/AVRO/XML. For example, if all fields of interest are nested like 
* **`timestamp_format`**: Format of the timestamp, in python [arrow](https://arrow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#supported-tokens). If the timestamp is in Unix epoch, this can be set to `epoch`. If the timestamp is split over multiple fields, curlies can be used to indicate formatting, ie: `YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss ZZ`; alternatively, if the timestamp can be in one of multiple fields, a priority list of field names can be given: `timestamp1,timestamp2`.
* `timezone`: Timezone for the data. Note that it cannot be parsed from the timestamp, and will be discarded if only present there.
* `timestamp_field`: Field name for the timestamp. Default is `timestamp`.
* `instance_field`: Field name for the instance name. If not set or the field is not found, the instance name is the hostname of the machine the agent is installed on. This can also use curly formatting or a priority list. Alternatively, if the field is 'complex' - a reference field which holds a link to another API within the same context, a link can be made to that data using the following formatting: `field1!!ref=json|csv|xml|raw&headers={“Accept”:”application/json”}&auth!!field2` where: `field1` is the reference field in this message body; `!!` is a delimiter; `ref=json|csv|xml|raw` indicates that this is a reference link and it returns data in the format of json or csv etc as applicable; `&headers={“Accept”:”application/json”}&auth` indicates which passthrough keywords to pass to requests (either literal, a la `headers={“Accept”:”application/json”}` or using previously-used keywords, a la `auth=auth` when no literal value is given); `!!` is another delimiter; and `field2` is the field in the reference'd data to grab.
* `device_field`: Field name for the device/container for containerized projects. This can also use curly or complex formatting, or a priority list.
* `data_fields`: Comma-delimited list of field names to use as data fields. If not set, all fields will be reported. Each data field can either be a field name (`name`) or a labeled field (`<name>::<value>` or `<name>::==<value>`), where `<name>` and `<value>` can be raw strings (`fieldname::fieldvalue`), curly or complex formatted (`link!!ref=json&auth!!name::=={val} - {ue}`), or a combination. If `::==` is used as the separator, `<value>` is treated as a mathematical expression that can be evaluated with `eval()`.
* `metric_name_field`: If this is set, only the first value in `data_fields` will be used as the field containing the value for the metric who's name is contained here. For example, if `data_fields = count` and `metric_name_field = status`, and the data is `{"count": 20, "status": "success"}`, then the data reported will be `success: 20`.
* `all_metrics`: Agent will send data at once when all metrics in `all_metrics` of instance is collected.
* **`metric_buffer_size_mb`**: Size of buffer (in MB) to fuse metrics. Default is `10`.
* `agent_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to the agent.
* `agent_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
* **`user_name`**: User name in InsightFinder
* **`license_key`**: License Key from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* `token`: Token from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_name`**: Name of the project created in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_type`**: Type of the project - one of `metric, metricreplay, log, logreplay, incident, incidentreplay, alert, alertreplay, deployment, deploymentreplay`.
* **`sampling_interval`**: How frequently data is collected. Should match the interval used in project settings.
* **`run_interval`**: How frequently the agent is ran. Should match the interval used in cron.
* `chunk_size_kb`: Size of chunks (in KB) to send to InsightFinder. Default is `2048`.
* `if_url`: URL for InsightFinder. Default is `https://app.insightfinder.com`.
* `if_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to InsightFinder.
* `if_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
