### Config Variables
* **`host`**: Base URL to build the API off of, ie `localhost`.
* **`port`**: API port to call, ie `9200`.
* **`scheme`**: API scheme to call, ie `https`, default is `http`.
* `user`: Username to authenticate with, default is empty.
* `password_encrypted`: Password, encoded in base64. To set this, run `python configure.py`, default is empty.
* `use_ssl`: Use SSL for api call, default is `false`.
* `metric_whitelist`: This field is a regex string used to define which metrics will be filtered.
* `timestamp_format`: Format of the timestamp, in python [strftime](http://strftime.org/). If the timestamp is in Unix epoch, this can be left blank or set to `epoch`. If the timestamp is split over multiple fields, curlies can be used to indicate formatting, ie: `{YEAR} {MO} {DAY} {TIME}`; alternatively, if the timestamp can be in one of multiple fields, a priority list of field names can be given: `timestamp1,timestamp2`.
* `timezone`: Timezone for the data. Note that it cannot be parsed from the timestamp, and will be discarded if only present there.
* `timestamp_field`: Field name for the timestamp. Default is `timestamp`.
* `instance_field`: Field name for the instance name. If not set or the field is not found, the instance name is the hostname of the machine the agent is installed on. This can also use curly formatting or a priority list.
* `instance_whitelist`: This field is a regex string used to define which instances will be filtered.
* `device_field`: Field name for the device/container for containerized projects. This can also use curly formatting or a priority list.
* `data_fields`: Comma-delimited list of field names to use as data fields. If not set, all fields will be reported. Each data field can either be a field name (`name`) or a labeled field (`<name>::<value>` or `<name>::==<value>`), where `<name>` and `<value>` can be raw strings (`fieldname::fieldvalue`) or curly-formatted (`{na} [{me}]::=={val} - {ue}`). If `::==` is used as the separator, `<value>` is treated as a mathematical expression that can be evaluated with `eval()`.
* `agent_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to the agent.
* `agent_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.

* **`user_name`**: User name in InsightFinder
* **`license_key`**: License Key from your Account Profile in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_name`**: Name of the project created in the InsightFinder UI. 
* **`project_type`**: Type of the project -  `alert`.
* **`sampling_interval`**: How frequently data is collected. Should match the interval used in project settings.
* **`run_interval`**: How frequently the agent is ran. Should match the interval used in cron.
* `chunk_size_kb`: Size of chunks (in KB) to send to InsightFinder. Default is `2048`.
* `if_url`: URL for InsightFinder. Default is `https://app.insightfinder.com`.
* `if_http_proxy`: HTTP proxy used to connect to InsightFinder.
* `if_https_proxy`: As above, but HTTPS.
